README.md, before:

# 2020 Motion Detector Lab Meetup

This repo holds the lab materials for the June 2020 Orlando IoT virtual meetup. This is the same lab that would have been run at the [2020 Orlando CodeCamp event](https://github.com/OrlandoIoT/2020-OrlandoCodeCampLabs), but that was cancelled last minute.

## Required Materials

Here are the required materials to complete the lab:

- 1 Particle Photon Development Board
- 1 220 Ohm resistor
- 1 PIR Sensor
- 3 Wires (1 Red, 2 Black, and 1 Other)
- 1 Breadboard
- 1 LED
- 1 USB Cable


You may already have all, or some of these. If you do not have any materials, the below has suggestions on what to purchase: 

- Particle Photon Board
  - https://store.particle.io/products/photon-kit
  - You might find it easier to purchase a Particle Argon instead. That board will also work for this exercise, but we will not be using many of the features it provides.
- PIR Sensor
  - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07KBWVJMP
- Electronics Components Kit
  - https://www.amazon.com/OSOYOO-Electronic-Components-Package-Total/dp/B01MZ87USD/

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe.md to explain using other Particle dev boards

README.md, after:

# 2020 Motion Detector Lab Meetup

This repo holds the lab materials for the June 2020 Orlando IoT virtual meetup. This is the same lab that would have been run at the [2020 Orlando CodeCamp event](https://github.com/OrlandoIoT/2020-OrlandoCodeCampLabs), but that was cancelled last minute.

## Required Materials

Here are the required materials to complete the lab:

- 1 Particle Development Board
- 1 220 Ohm resistor
- 1 PIR Sensor
- 4 Wires (1 Red, 2 Black, and 1 Other)
- 1 Breadboard
- 1 LED
- 1 USB Cable


You may already have all, or some of these. If you do not have any materials, the below has suggestions on what to purchase: 

- Particle Board
  - Any board made by Particle will work, so long as it supports Wi-Fi. This tutorial does not use any features specific to any Particle boards.
    - The Photon is the cheapest, but the Argon will be easier to find.
  - https://store.particle.io/products/photon-kit
  - https://store.particle.io/collections/wifi/products/argon
- PIR Sensor
  - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07KBWVJMP
- Electronics Components Kit
  - https://www.amazon.com/OSOYOO-Electronic-Components-Package-Total/dp/B01MZ87USD/
